Now did we had a brief react refresher.
And we're all on the same page at least regarding the react basics let's apply that knowledge and all
to dig a bit deeper in our main course project and there in the react from that we're building.
So in this module we'll start building our front end with react as a single page application which means
everything to users sees everything in the browser is managed by react.
Every change there is applied and rendered by react.
And then later in the course we'll build our node back and and will connect react to that back.
But here we'll just focus on the standalone front end which they offer of course right now won't be
fully functional we won't be storing any data on a server yet but that will come later in this module
we will instead build that single page application and dig deeper into react and you'll have a really
nice example of a more realistic react app will add routing and the core pages which you could all to
put into quotes because we'll still only have one single page but we'll add different components and
tell react when to load which component based on the you are the user entered.
Which is really nice and we'll also split our app into multiple core components of course because you'll
learn dead react is all about components we want to keep our components small and manageable and therefore
we'll split them.
We'll also add some pure user interface components which technically still are regular React Components
but you'll see that some components are mostly focused on just providing some styling be reusable whilst
our components will have a lot of logic and state management attached to them and you will see how that
naturally grows as you're working on the realistic react project will all the handle user input later
will also even write our own react hooks.
We only saw to use state hook thus far which was built in in this module we'll also see some of hooks
and create custom ones.
Yes as is possible and therefore this is a module packed with content not a short module for sure but
a great practice on react on building a realistic app with react and an important preparation for discourse
where we later will connect it to our node express Mongo TB back and.